---
title: "Dark Noise 2"
date: "2020-07-20"
image: "/assets/images/dark-noise-app-icon-cropped.png"
---

### Dark Noise 2

Dark Noise 2 is the next major evolution of the best ambient noise app on iOS. Mixing sounds has been the most requested feature since launch and I’m excited to announce it’s finally here! A lot of work went in to maintaining the simplicity and tight iOS integration Dark Noise is known for and I’m very proud of the results. Along with iCloud syncing, new sounds, new icons, and loads of bug fixes this is the biggest update to date.

#### New Features

**Create Mix** • Build your own custom mix from any number of sounds. Mix multiple of the same sound for even more variety! Animated icons can be built using the new icon creator or images or animated GIFs can be imported from the Photo Library.

**iCloud Syncing** • Custom mixes and favorites will now sync to all of your devices using iCloud! No need to sign in or configure anything, your data will simply follow you to all of your Apple devices.

**8 New Sounds** • New sounds have been added to the Dark Noise catalogue for playing on their own or added to mixes including: Rain on Tent, Wind Chimes, Windy Trees, Seagulls, Lake, Ship Deck, Flag, and Lullaby

**iPad Pointer Support** • Navigate Dark Noise 2 using a trackpad or mouse with full pointer support on the iPad.

**New Icons** • Inspired by the new design of macOS Big Sur a skeuomorphic icon was added to the list of custom icons. And the new Launched icon is in honor of the podcast of the same name by Dark Noise developer Charlie.

**And More!** • Bug fixes, improved shortcuts support, and a rewritten audio engine, and even a new “Auto Volume” experimental feature round out the biggest update yet.

Dark Noise is available on the App Store [here](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/dark-noise/id1465439395) and Dark Noise 2 will release on Monday, July 20th.

<div class="presskit-video">
    <iframe width="100%" height="100%" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/D4dbuYqoHmA" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>